All right, making good progress.
Next, we're going to add this sunset and sunrise row there.
Now I want you to pause the video and see if you can structure this.
OK, go ahead and do that.
All right.
I hope you were able to do that.
Let's do it.
All right.
It's always I'm going to put under here.
Say Sunset.
Sunset, sunrise.
Ro, OK, I'm going to pass the same thing, the passed, which is the weather
data and at least get that first one, that's totally fine and let's create it.
OK.
Let's talk about them there.
All right.
So, as you know, going to put together a row.
And modifier
Phil Max with this.
And give it padding.
I want top to be about 15 dpi and bottom to be about 60.
OK, give that nice separation.
And of course, inside we're going to create another couple of rows.
So this first row and then the second row.
So then to create an oval room and for now, the strongest possible image pasta painter paint a resource
such
travel and sunrise.
We're going to get that sunrise first.
Give it a modifier.
Twenty five of size, right, and then price in a text.
And for this text, amateur use format.
Date time.
Right.
And then we're past the weather.
It's Sunrise like this.
Give it style.
You know, topography and make it caption so small.
All right.
Let's.
Copy this through.
That's going to be sunset
at sunset and sunset like this.
So just changing a few things there.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run this to see.
OK, that looks really good.
Now, one thing I'm going to do, I'm going to reverse what is shown before sunset.
Let's add alignment for this row the main row
horizontal.
Arrangement.
Space in between its use of vertical alignment
center, such.
Well, so doing this allows us to separate them horizontally so that we have that middle space there.
So it looks really nice if we wanted, we can make perhaps this little bit larger, maybe 30 or sunrise
and.
I like that much better.
And throw for sunset as well.
All right, so those are way better sites, and I like the way things look.
OK, now you may ask, where is this format to date time coming from?
Well, if we remember, we added, or at least I added here again, it's just a format function, so
we pass and each timestamp.
We then use simple data format to pass the pattern we want to see.
So this is so you can see here one or nine a.m. 10:36 AM and so forth, right?
So that is just a helper function, if you will.
OK, so we are looking really good.
It's starting to look really like what we have here, so it's it's very exciting.
I like that.
Next, I would like you to add this text that says this week and then maybe you can start.
We're looking through and getting all of the forecast for this week, right?
Seven day forecast.
It's very easy because if you look at what we have, right, so have the list.
Really, this list should have count of seven, which means seven days and look through as you look
through, you create a row a row like this, which will have the date or actually actually the day.
And then an image.
We've created that image function or image composable.
And then you have your description of that weather to date.
OK, and then we have high and low.
OK, so go ahead and try to figure out something like this.
It's not that hard, especially in compose.
The most important thing here is to understand that we have a row, as you see there, that will contain
all of these items and of course, a nice a nice card circular card, as you see also there.
If you want, you can clip as well, just like we have here and do all sort of thing.
So go ahead and pause these video pauses lectures and see if we can figure that out.
Do you have the data?
You have the knowledge at this point, it should have at least a little bit of knowledge to do this.
Go ahead and do that.
And remember, you have a column, a lazy column that we can use to do this right.
So please pause this video for a while and tackle this exercise.